[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: Provisioning
an environment is again kind of a journey.
So we're gonna do that together and
we'll do it kind of manually so
we can see the different pieces and
how they fit together.
But at a high level you're first
gonna decide which AWS Region
you're gonna run your code in and
it's usually best to be geographically
close to where your users are and there's
ways to run your application in multiple
regions which were not going to get into.
Will select a region whether it's U.S.
East region or U.S.
West to Oregon or whatever it doesn't
really matter, and then we will
then create a user with
permissions to allow
us to essentially create the Amazon EC2
environment that we need,
and allow us to deploy new versions of
our application and things like that.
So we will create an AWS user and
that user will be assigned
credentials that we will use to
configure a command line client
to access Amazon on our behalf,
which is part of the exercise
that we'll be doing shortly.
Next we're going to be a creating
an elastic bin stack environment.
And environment is basically
a fully functional
like execution environment for
your application.
So typically you'll have multiple
environments you might have like
development a staging in a production
environment, and those environments might
be configured slightly differently.They
might use different sized EC2 instances.
Use different sizes or
configurations of RDS.
That sort of thing.
So we'll create an environment in this
case we'll just create one environment
to start with.
And then that will be added
to a security group and
a security group is a construct
within Amazon that defines
like which resources within your Amazon
account can communicate with one another.
So our RDS instance and
our elastic beanstalk instances
like the EC2 instances managed their Will
be a part of the same security group which
means that our instances can connect to
our RDS instance that will create but
the outside world can't directly
connect to the to the RDS instance.
So we'll create both an EV environment and
the RDS instance, add them to the same
security group And then we have to
configure that security group to allow
incoming connections to post press and
then we need to deploy our application and
application version and
then potentially, we a profit.
So, it's a long journey and there's
a lot of things that you can screw up.
Which is why I've been super super nervous
about this component of the workshop,
but I have done it three or
four times over the course of the week so
I'm like 94% sure this is gonna work.
So let's do this thing.